# Dev meeting notes

## 2016-10-28

 * Ian: dashboard was updated to incorporate remarks from previous meetings, work on integrating with Girder's models
   has begun.
 * Kacper: will revisit autodeployment of dashboard and provide link to other developers when it's up and running
 * Ian: Dashboard requires API endpoint for querying/ingesting data information based on DOI/URL
 * Bertram: we should keep track of what happens during dev meetings
 * Niall: keep meeting notes on GitHub

