.. _20180319-notes:

2018-03-19 Development meeting
==============================

Kacper, Ian, Adam, Sebastian, Tommy, Craig, Mike, Bryce, Kyle

Agenda
------

  * [Project updates](https://github.com/orgs/whole-tale/projects/4)
  * [UI/X meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16tIFvqlUdz3ti5lHUCwdidA0iqkAITXpOg0kksT4ez8/edit)
  * [Software development meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kq9OJyQsD4SGioOF4tX3iUb2KtwdfrZTsZQwjXYZXVg/edit)
  * Labels/milestones
  * v0.1 release features

Updates
-------

  * Craig: Backup design doc; ability to deploy multiple instances in a single allocation
  * Ian: ND ran tests (security, etc) for dashboard
    * Kacper: SSH is open; Unsafe SSL ciphers (trade-off or older Safari/MS versions)
    * Q. Do we have minimum system versions or at least indicate to users supported version?
    * Q. What used for security? nmap and ssllabs
    * Meet for UI meeting. They have some new mockups envisioned. Will have proposal sent around by the end of the week. Basic idea -- make it super simple with screens based on what users want to do. Screen mockups are in Envision?
  * Kacper: Started work on [limiting running instances](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/47)
  * Bryce: Still working on tale serialization/publishing design documents.
    * Q. Are we interested in external input from wider repository community? The Google doc provides a good set of examples. Maybe WG could provide input in the design. There are usability issues (is it a zipfile that you can extract). Will want feedback from the team for sure, WG feedback could be useful
  * Mike: Writing tests and fixing bugs.
  * Sebastian/Adam: No additional updates over Ian's comments
  * Tommy: Put notes in WT project based on internal usability test. Added endpoint for listing files. Added documentation for getting Girder running with WT plugins.
    * Looking at Ember debugger and saw some information. There is information you could scrape from Girder (https://girder.prod.wholetale.org/#users). May be worth noting to see if we should act.
    * Working on issue to provide names when not present (DataONE files can have no filename)
    * Q. Is this a WT or DataOne change? DataONE can't solve since the filename is optional. Algo on DataONE side, if set they sanitize or fallback to identifier. Should be the same as what DataONE does when the user downloads the data in a zip file (not special to WT).
    * Q. When is the Girder plugin redeployed on the dev instance? Right now it's manual. We had an automatic deployment, but no longer works. Having dev instance as integration instance is maybe good, or we can use the released version. For now, manually is "docker service update".
  * Kyle: At some point we need to talk about Globus integration. e.g., do we have everything that Logan needs to publish his paper?  Action: confirm that the data is in search and has correct metadata. Will setup call.

Usability tests
---------------
  * Forwarded info to UX team, but didn't discuss during last meeting
  * Highlights (focusing on things that won't change)
    * File organization is confusing, but we don't have a solution. Bryce: Perhaps we could not have a complex structure? It makes serialization hard? This is an important issues (confusing for internal users).
    * Users were confused in Jupyter/R (where's my stuff) that may also be related to file organization.
      * Ian: UX meeting thought about having the notebook in the same screen as the other components. Q. Maybe can be done with iframes. Discussion of iframes: may be useful for some apps that don't have multi-tabbed interfaces, but may be worth exploring. Iframes are often deprecated.
      * Adam: HTML embed an option? May only be useful for multimedia.
    * Globus problems: caused by globus integration (incomplete, but this is a real issue)
    * Recipe/image creation: this is new and complicated (targeted at users familiar with Binder).

Proposed labels
---------------
  * pep/
    * data-ingest
    * frontends
    * storage
    * publishing
    * identity
    * events
    * other/none?
  * close/
    * reason
  * area (things that cross repositories)
    * authentication
    * tale-creation
    * instance-spawning
    * image-creation
    * registry
    * job-system
    * event-bus
    * directory-home
    * directory-workspace
    * directory-readonly
    * data-registration
    * publishing-cycle
    * ui/x
    * globus-integration
    * dataone-integration
    * irods-integration
    * infrastructure
    * sharing
    * monitoring
  * kind
    * bug
    * documentation
    * design
    * support
    * task
    * feature (planned)
    * enhancement (requested)
  * priority
    * low
    * normal
    * critical
    * blocker
