.. _20180312-notes:

2018-03-12 Development meeting
================================

Kacper, Ian, Sebastian, Tommy, Craig

Agenda:
* [Project updates](https://github.com/orgs/whole-tale/projects/4)
* Handling meeting notes
* Usability tests -- what to do with the data?
* Design docs and feedback -- Wiki vs wt-design-docs vs?
* Backup design review (how do we do reviews?)


TACC outage:
* May be related to cpu/ram limits or celery worker isn't running.


Project updates:
* Kacper: Adding registry to terraform deployment (currently setup manually on dev instance). Issued PR (not on board)
  * Started to review Mike's code related to home directories yesterday
  * Problem with Circle CI integration, issues with code coverage reporting false values in PR from Sebastian.
* Craig: Backup (using rclone), integrated with Box (autoupdates auth token), first pass for review soon.
  * How to propose design/architecture changes? (Kacper would prefer PR workflow, other options: Github wiki, pushing directly to wt-design-docs and interate afterwards)
  * Software development process meeting tomorrow.
  * Should we put meeting notes directly to GitHub (Kacper: I'd prefer yes) 
  * Ian: Meeting notes from UI team in Google drive  https://docs.google.com/document/d/16tIFvqlUdz3ti5lHUCwdidA0iqkAITXpOg0kksT4ez8/edit#heading=h.lb4mxyqs201z
* Tommy: Has DataOne instance up and running. Copying data over to WT (http://128.111.220.30/). 
  * Done a little work with Girder to let user know when each file is processed (dashboard#122). Will submit new PR with code changes today.
* Sebastian/Ian: 
  * Good discussions with UI working group
  * Writing up notes from last week
  * Next meeting: 3/14
  * Usability test feedback could be input into this meeting
  * Will have first round of changes focused around making concepts consistent.


Usability tests:
* Mike and Tommy have done initial tests
* LIGO tale is only production
* Image creation only on dev
* Home directories only on dev and now working
* Image creation will be a problem due to disk size
* What to do with the data?
  * Synthesize into responses for each task 
  * Put raw versions on mailing list
  * Tommy will synthesize and share as md in design docs
 
Release process:
* At end of March -- v0.1
* dashboard (stable, etc), girder_plugins, 
* Previous release process assumed merging master into stable
* Most repos have two branches: stable > production, master > dev
* Could do this immediately -- there will 2 weeks before new work on Dashboard. But things will change quickly.
* Wait for Mike's changes?
* Kacper:
  * Dashboard has new things (creating images/recipes; access control) that shouldn't be part of v0.1. We could disable the menu item.
  * Do we want home directories in v0.1 at all?
  * Initial integration tests
* What's v0.2?
  * Everything we showed at all hands
  * Image building (well tested)
  * Home directories (under development)
  * Deploying registry in terraform (needs testing)
  * Specific worker tasks
  * Backup 
  * Depending on outcome of UI, may include some UI refactoring
  * Documentation
  * More integration tests

