.. _20180402-notes:

2018-04-02 Development meeting
==============================

Updates
-------

Kacper: 
- Release of v0.1 was finalized, but not deployed in production yet.

Adam:
  - What is a bare minimum for adding recipe/image?
    - KK: At minimum we need to ask about GitHub url, we can try to derive other properties for Dockerfile. 

Bryce: 
- Working on tale export
- Had a question on what's required for recipe creation and if that's documented
    - Kacper will document what needs to be provided for creating a valid recipe/image/tale

Mike: 
- Fixed home directory issues
    - functional tests are fully working for homes
    - some PEP checks related to partially implemented tale dir code are failing. 
- Identified an issue related to vanilla Girder related to lookUpPath method.
- Fixed issue related to deleting locks created by WebDAV from assetstore.

Kyle: 
- Logan needs some help with upcoming paper. He'd like to have a tale available in current production system.

Sebastian: 
- UI team would like Tommy or Bryce to join telcon on Wed to talk about DataONE integration. 

Tommy: 
- Fixing last unit test
- Finish documentation & UI testing
- Look into speeding registration time up with Bryce
- Show to UI team on Wednesday.
