.. _20180326-notes:

2018-03-26 Development meeting
==============================

Kacper, Tommy, Bryce, Mihael, Ian, Kyle

Agenda
------

  * Labels/milestones
  * Discuss v0.1 release features

Updates
-------

  * Ian, Adam, Sebastian:
    * UX/UI meeting last week went really well, new version of mockups,
      Q: What's the next step? Should we iterate with PI team (Kacper will ask
      tomorrow, ask MattJ if he can walk through it)?
  * Tommy:
    * Performed a full round of ingesting data from DataONE -> running Tale
      using a new modal. (possibly should be included in 0.1?)
    * Consider incorporating DataOne's python package in WT stack
    * Working on documentation (registering data from DataONE)
    * Current mockups don't include exporting functionality. (Ian: UI team was
      focused on addressing current functionality)
  * Craig:
    * This week plan to actually do release. This will mean tagging and
      deploying all components as-is, unless I hear otherwise.
    * Had no response to email about external feedback into serialization
      format.
    * Still testing restore portion of backup during deployment. Really hope to
      be done soon.
    * Parental leave imminent (sometime this week). Will certainly be out next
      week.
  * Bryce:
    * Worked on Tale Serialization design doc
      https://wholetale.readthedocs.io/development/mockups/tale-serialization/README.html
    * Started working on an interim export method for the backend until
      serialization is agreed upon
  * Mihael
    * Home/Workspace working locally, some issues with remote CI. All the file
      operations move/rename/delete/copy are all synced across Girder and
      WebDAV.
  * Kyle: We need to revisit ingesting from MDF (will work with Kacper off-call)
  * Kacper
    * Updated project issues with new labeling scheme (added a tool for making
      that automatic whole-tale/gh-project-helper)
    * Finalizing implementation of a cap for number of running Tales

Release v0.1
------------

General consensus that whatever is currently stable goes into v0.1

Labels/Milestone
----------------

We reviewed the proposed label convention and agreed that it's a good starting point. 
